hey everyone it's me I am gonna make
that ranch dressing that I promise like
two weeks ago that I would make no I
should not be standing but I am just to
bring you this dressing
we're all sick or injured so don't mind
the kitchen it's a mess
okay the ingredients for the dressing
are one cup of fat-free plain Greek
yogurt 1 cup there was a peak hold for
skim milk but our one percent milk but I
use skim and then you want one packet of
Hidden Valley Ranch make sure that it's
the salad dressing mix not the dip mix
apparently a lot of people were using
the dip and it's not the same so
basically you put your 1 cup of yogurt
your fingers spilling it 1/2 cup of milk
and then you put your packet in mix it
up and you're done it makes 24 servings
20 well I think I haven't made it yet
and according to the recipe that I saw
it said 20 to 24 servings it makes
it's a cup in a cup and a half so what
I'll do is I will after I mix it I will
see how much there is and then we'll
just figure a serving is two tablespoons
so let me mix this and then I will tell
you how many servings I think it should
be and I'll see if even wants to taste
it for me so I'll be back fight everyone
okay I'm back
it makes about a cup and a half which
it's a cup of yogurt and a half a cup of
milk
so okay no one's gonna test taste it on
camera because we're all sick or injured
but you can get there
their reactions alright this is Ethan
they can't see thumbs up but they can't
hear thumbs up
he has food in his mouth so he won't
talk you gave it a thumbs up does it
taste like ranch oh okay
tastes like ranch with yogurt in it okay
here's Marty
you can hear him chewing and then
awesome
it's got a weird face it's okay okay I'm
gonna try it
now I'm going scared okay let's see
it's good it she's like yogurt with
ranch it's a tangy and I think it's
probably like when you make ranch it um
the longer it sits the more if the
flavors sort of be together so yeah it's
good
now for this whole thing it's like eight
points so for I mean unless you're you
know pouring a half a cup on I wouldn't
even take a point for it if you're using
just two tablespoons which is what you
should be using I wouldn't I mean you
could count a point if you wanted to but
I wouldn't have that's just me so okay
yeah um I will put the recipe in the
description because I don't know if you
heard all my ramblings so that's it I
will see you guys later bye